 But about from the time happy with whatever we did now let's do one thing Let's create like a next year server or we will run it. We will try to deploy it in EC2 right so we will do it. That will be our class goal now I have not prepared anything for this now I need to like go through and what I mean figure out in normal development so we will do it like this. So is there like anything that you would like to ask right now because after this it will be like a long lengthy coding session that I like I will not be able to explain a lot which I will only explain like the end of the class. So if I have anything to feel free to put it in the chat and let me know like if you are understanding for feeling hard to understand should I recap and all that stuff. Yeah so I'll be opening that for like five second. One two three. This would be enough. Got it. So first thing is what interview will ask from CACD. A few things are out there. Thank you all for your questions in general. So the answer should be to test the code if to see it's like passing or failing next thing could be to deploy the code to somewhere to do. The thing could be like test, linking formatting errors if there are anything so that is good. It's good to go to one in the production it is good recap recap notes clear. No need to recap. We are using code taking water and good up. Yes. We're going what can interview us. How do you how to get a creator that I applied in bank by practical or other some of things. We don't have to comment. So, in 2020 he asked really good question. He asked how our dependency resolved for a new project right. So that is a very good question. Honestly good good job. So what we will do is we need to do an NPM install right. So you just understand that just like you do not set up a code in a set up. You get a good clone the project. So you get an action. Next thing you need to do NPM. You get an action. After that there is another thing. That means whatever else is there. You build NPM around and you get an action. So that's it. There is nothing else. Now people are asking for the GitHub. I'll share the both. GitHub as well as I'll share the notes. So. The notes is here. And GitHub is GitHub. Where do I not know. GitHub. GitHub. Slip server. And go to reposit trees. Go to here update CACD. So where it's at. Sat is here. Now this is the key present. And that is the notes. Obviously. What we need to do is that is really interesting. That is we need to create a next test project. Uspre koi thoda bhaat is a few things. Lick the name happy got the key. So we need to deploy on an EC2. Yeah. And this is not simple because there are like a few things that will be a major blockers here. So first thing though, I'm something. I'll call it a app.py index. Read this index. T.S. So I'll call it. Yeah. Now we'll create. Geet at dot. Geet. Call it iPhone M. Give. Next. Next. Yes. In it. NPM. NPM. Create. Next step. Do it here. And we do. Copy. Why is it not getting copied. I go here. I paste it here. I put it dot here. This is we are creating a new NXS project. Onflict. RMRF dot. Kitab. Read me. We would like to use TypeScript. Yes, LinDS, and then we would like to do. Code inside. Yes. I'm proud. Yes. All inside. While we are installing dependencies, we have to think about what is going to be deployed. What is what it takes to deploy a project. So one thing. What will you do? You have to install the project. Right. So we are doing that. So this installation is done. Next thing will be. I mean, we have to do SSH in that machine. That is the next step. We will start. What is this being? It takes a lot of time to install the project. Meanwhile, I will go through Q and A. What is the cost of deployment and speed? It will not. What does the eco? Oh, eco means it's like console.log. Consider. I won't take a month. Let's go and I will count to a ring. You cannot. It will be hard for you to attend eight DevOps. That is it. Installing in mind. So waiting coding it to you. Okay. Cool. Yeah. My mind was installing. It takes like a lot of time in my machine for some reason. It takes a lot of time. Meanwhile, I will go through Q and A. Can we get remote DevOps? Yeah. There are a lot of people who do it. If it is okay. If I'm multiple, it will be hard for you to manage. New versus course. I like course a lot. Okay. It's taking a really a lot of time. Meanwhile, I'll go through Q and A. Can we get remote DevOps? Yeah. There are like a lot of people who do it. If it is okay. If I'm multiple, it will be hard for you to manage. New versus course. I like course a lot. I cannot see Q and A. Is that a problem watching people? You understand the concept. I think only host can see the Q and A. Why course? Although it helps me. Good. Why is it taking like this much time? Why I'm from Nepal right now. So, it's 9.30 pm. You can put all of it for everyone. Okay. Any website for DevOps job? Why I don't know? I don't know. CD developer. First thing is this is basic project of next years. The localest 3000 should be running good. Up in good. My battery is little bit low. That is a problem. Today is her key. That's what they. The project is a standard at the late. Oh, that. So, I'm like trading like a basic website. For here. To do that. So. In full. Oh my God. And pay my. Meanwhile, I'll be reading through comments. Whatever you have written on. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be reading through comments. Yeah. And. And. My God. More successful student. I really did expect it to be this good. But we'll try to deploy this website. Now let's go to getad.getcom.it iPhone M There are like a few issues here in your ears Getad.getcom.it iPhone M basic next Yes These are the reason I use cursor guys with like no code I wrote all these So these are good Works good in my opinion So let's try to deploy this or else little bit to that So what I need to do is inside of dot getov slash work close slash deploy dot yaml. I need to create this file So this file I don't know how to create it right? So I need to steal it from somewhere that somewhere is it will be in It will be in it will be in it will be in appleway ssh deploy next just up to ec2 with ssh I'll go here There will be a block that we all can follow Hope this blog is like not paid Now it's all good This all thing we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we don't need to care We don't need to care we don't need to care about this we all we have these all things Now we just need the apps on the tml this is it we need to okay Do you guys understand what I mean? I created a Please boost the gate what it is that is there a sign in the code so by dance this What I mean Nepal is I want to solve it okay limit what I need to so I pushed the code I guess What in it that's bad GPO is in mid Now the course will be pushed to get up Including like all of the changes and all so this is like a project that we want to deploy But I have no idea how to deploy it right so I'll be following through this thing This thing is I think like this thing is actually bad honestly Get a vaccines This thing AWS is using Using it our actions. Oh my god It's this thing is not loading So we're ready to go. Oh we got the code that we need Yep, this is the code that we need exactly so I go here. I go to deploy it at yaml Then I go here. What is the problem there is there should not be any problem honestly Okay, yeah, that's good. That's good. So let's try to understand what this code means Deploy it to issue to write so Whenever whenever I want to deploy a code to easy to what I need to do is Whenever someone pushes on my main branch then I need to run the following job So I did not know where this was right, but I just knew was Uh, I need to I need to get this from somewhere so below this code. I will not write it I will just use this thing and there is something called as appleway.sits. So Uh, what we need to do is we need to get clone the repository right so there is something called as accents So what about yes of accents they are already available on GitHub so that you don't have to write one like for example Is if we didn't have this then what we need to do is like run Gea run carnavada for we need to get clone a center we need to do like this But instead of doing this we are like we have like already pre-made accents that we are aware that we have already in GitHub So yeah, we can directly use it. So this is what we can do is we can directly clone the repository So if we use up to this then the code will be cloned on the machine. So here again next thing is we need to Assess us into the easy to server first thing though what we what we can do is I'm either zake we will Uh get a svtps is go here. Okay, we have our terminal right so this is open to This is staged city. Not we can do get clone Okay, this thing one of the steps cicd is already here So yeah, we got a so what we need to do is npm run build and after that we need to run Oh npm i first that then we need to run npm run them Npm run build then we need to run npm run start So yes, some cheese we need to do it through ss first we need to get sss connection into the machine right So, it's something called as apple boys less sss action. I'll be adding this to the chat as well So I added this to the chat. So what we'll this do is we will be able to execute sss scripts using this So This will be our next step first method we get clone the we get clone the repository right now next thing what we need to do is we need to Assets into that but is that what we need is we need sss host we need sss Uh password we need sss port and all so yeah, we don't have it right now right we need to configure it somehow So how can we configure this is the question right so there is something here that is setting up a sss key So this thing that we need to do it in the server the The server that we have the easy to server that we have So where pay the okay, we need to create a rsa key So this doesn't matter you need to do I think you have done this whenever you want it to set up a GitHub account as well So you need to do this after that you need to add it to the authorize key and you need to add it to the that thing So there is nothing interesting here so Setting up a sss key makes you to follow the below steps while creating sss and using them the best practices to create sss keys on local machine Not a remote machine login with the same specified GitHub secrets and generate rsa Keep air Here what you can do is you can do sss keys and this thing so I do I'll do this in my local machine What is my email address my email address is ID underscore rsa MT MT MT yes this has been generated right so instead of inside of dot sss folder So there is something called an ID underscores rsa and there is something as id underscores rsa dot pop so If I add my like this thing to the secret inside of easy to then I'll be able to ss this how many of you understand how many of you don't understand this Should I need to configure our own action runners? What love we don't need to configure as in like we don't need to configure everything But most of the thing that like 99% of the people need that is already available that is what I mean Post thing is that next thing is blogging can you create it from scratch slide please slide slide slide Can you create outside without writing deduces to use how did you create without writing good? I used AI to write that how does one write the how does one write you get if you want to understand how does one write that workflow right Then you need to explore this air trajectory because This is like for example, you are asking me how do you create your own express right Should be not as fast and then use as we are using in a git learn Okay, yeah, I mean like you are also not wrong. Sorry actually Projects are done at xtfs.com CACD here So there is like a very simple thing that I can explain you first thing is key with love or we need to first git clone the repository so That will do you whenever we use this action next thing is We need to set up node.js. So node.js. We can use this action So it's like you know npmi docker npmi express npmi.jord like that only so it's nothing complicated Q&A anyone are you creating assets keys to login? Yes, I'm creating ssh keys to login. Yeah, we will get that Next thing is we need can do npm install since node is available here, right? So we can do npm install after that we can do npm run build that is good Good data excel for executing this ssh to in git excel So The private gate to ssh So the first thing that I need to do is I need to add the secret dot host into my github, right? So Let me close this so Yeah, whenever we go to github and whenever we go to settings. So here pay there are things called as secrets It's Right so we need to Create six secrets for github actions. So we can go here and we can create node this secrets actions Repositrich secrets. So what are the secrets that we need that is ssh ssh that we don't have it right now, but we need to create it with this thing. So we can go here and we can create like ssh key ssh keys and iphone t this thing So we run this command I put my email address here So I'll go to download it at the gmail.com Generating public key appear that's good Oh, yes, that's good. Let's go to cd cd.sss cat sss Is it good practice to keep a private key to git also basically those workflows are for testing yes We should not deploy the server inside Okay, yeah, oh, jk Maria you are right. What I mean is less. Yes, we need to go into this thing here We need to do that right look for that we need like a Ss connection to that server. So I'm figuring that only so I think we already created it right So we need to add it so add the rsa to the authorize key So We need to get this and we need to add it to the authorize keys Here authorize keys Let's go here and let's go to cd.sss cd cd cat id on the scores rsa This thing now I can do pv copy now it will be copied to my clipboard Then what I can do is I can put this inside of here I can put it inside of here. This will be private sss key That's secret So did you guys understand what I did what I did was first I generated the sss private key and I put that inside of the kit of action Now I need to put the public key of this like cat id underscores rsa dot public PV copy into the authorize host for the For the server so this is this is not like the password login right so we need to have like a key and we need to have a lock So the key is the private key and the lock is the public key Public key we can show it to everyone in the internet but private key it is best to not show to anyone So we go to here and we go to authorize keys right so there will be Where was that blog it was here right so here whatever I need to into authorize keys First is there anything yesterday and there is authorize keys so I can do vi authorize keys And I can add it add that thing also so first the whatever the sss ed was here right so this was essentially for My initial paem file that I used to login There is the webcraft at the end. So this was the file that I used to login and this is something that I want to sss with my But get a vaccine. So basically we can go here and this is the and For copy the private key content and see if you are using open sss See in the permission to sss Like keys can be copied in that a once it is added no one can see my smile is right. Do you really put a private key there? Security got there okay no issue could you please upload the recording today I can upload it today and no issue Could you put the private key no we can put the cry private key inside of guitar because it is like a one way one way thing like for example if we do it it once Then in future like we don't need to clear it at all How to sss into easy to You This thing is here and I think we are good to go I hope so Uh, even if I private key get leads it doesn't matter because I will like I will not I will destroy the server anyways So if I go to settings Let me check if I have my secrets actions Do I have I have like the private sss key here? So I go to the code over the the code now here I need to push Okay, we are not using this we are using the sss option No check out appleway sss It's executing remote as it commands distinct password is here Ocean name I can even leak uh ocean name is uh whatever is the host port is whatever the port is host Uh here I go Go to new tab User remains this port is 22 right 22 and password is whatever I did it there So what did I do uh what did I put inside my whatever I put inside my this thing That should be the password Just a second guys I'll go to here and I'll go to actions and whatever the private ssh key was that will be my Private yeah works good uh instead of this whom am I yes nice works so So I'm pretty sure this will not work but still they let's try it commit iPhone m uh Uh Gate commit iPhone m added sss um We might get a very error we are like a very canonical that we all get but let's see if it's run if it's running properly or not Yep This thing is none none supported in any way. Yeah. This is very common. We we get this like all the time ssh handles and sick failed sss is unable to authenticate attempt method So this is the problem Data action sss and sick we just go here ssh is different to this thing authentication to in the sss file to this I have faced the same using the local ssh instead of the remote server If you are using gtawexon you you have a local pc file development you can access gtawe And you can have a remote server where you want to deploy uh ssh Hope this helps to someone i spend around two hours for the key your comment You need to i from the server to authorize keys file i.e. underscore rsa.com Okay, we need to use the key right not the password uh the keys here Here and who am i is all good uh let's say again again i think like we'll get an error but that will also be a very common error You can not get comment means pass forward to ssh let's go there uh let's go to here let's see what is the thing that is happening Change password to ssh let's get a vaccine we'll start running soon uh Yep This thing works now what we can do is okay that thing is good yeah So that if that thing worked then what we can do is uh we don't need all this right we can just do is Alice Alice so what will this do is it will list all of the content that is inside of our uh CD Alice so it should Alice 100xd if cicd high dot txt and test so if i go here if i do get Add dot get comment iPhone m Test CP originement If i go here If i go to the code If i go to test Post check out okay this is good Remote ssh command using password and yeah as as expected we are able to do 100xd f cicd there High dot txt there and test there now from this point onwards It is it is nothing right now we just need to do CD What we need to do is CD 100xd cicd get pull The after that we need to do NPM install npm Around build and we need to do npm run start this is all it and this should automatically start and this should automatically run the server if it is not doing so Then uh we will investigate now we can do github. We'll do gith commit iphone m steps to start the app Now and we go here and do github Origin here Or here will push whatever the brands i met by the way and this is here and if i go here And if i go here and if i see the details whatever you are there It is saying starting is all Next thing is it is checking out the code that is like it is it is sitting of the repo or record locally Next thing is complete of What happened here Github config this thing is mistake before making a github changes adding temporary delicious github Sss iphone i first of This is pretty strange honestly Let's not do github origin main i think this should have solved it And there is like no way to test like there is a way but it is very hard To honestly like test github action locally so we need to like you know spam all of the comments Yeah Zawab is running exuting remote Yeah So first thing is there is no such file inside of homes that we would do Did i not do sister Github checkout So Complete no such file of this this is related to npm not being able to find the file so how to steady inside Assets in github action is what i need to ask I think i need to pass it to the applevoi command only like i need to pass it here only so It is here right Yep target dear target dear is And accept cscd so i don't need to go there now i can directly do What is the applevoi this So What am i doing wrong here guys if you guys are able to figure out what i'm doing wrong it will be very helpful So if i'm doing in the that will how can i test it look at it Yeah you need to like do like a lot do you create a sort comment it happens automatically in can you send the github repo to destroy the server You need to add the public key to yeah within an add the public key i did that file name Not even don't understand recap it then i'll recap i'll recap oh swish would create hostname answer That is it okay You Is to see i now we need to test github's origin man if this is on an workout then i need to see from my repository like what i'm doing wrong If i'm doing anything wrong then i'll i'll like do one more one two more hacks if it's if it's like still not working Then i'll guy i'll teach you guys like a way to like do it correctly Okay So the problem that i'm thinking that i'm encountering is like we are not easily able to like Uh meet or you go watch So we are not easily able to like change directory whenever we are doing a ss. That's right. So we go to details we go here now Okay, yeah, so basically we are not able to like see the into the correct repository. So let's do one thing we just do That's less scripts Not deploy that ss. So we need to write this deploy that ss on our server now. Let's do deploy dot ss Like This You took to mid iPhone M dplo s creep added did to s origine mean and if i go here and if i again see this if it's not working again then we need to debug but i think this will work properly i hope so no such filer directory found no such file cd redx okay there is like some spelling mistake actually i was doing all the on-dex tips cicd what was the mistake okay the mistake was like i did not have a hundred x x was missing from there so that was the mistake so okay we deployed it to the main branch now it should work properly because the folder name is correct yep fix mistake i go to details i'll be able to do this next yes create an optimized build so basically whatever we wanted is working properly now we need to see whether it is serving a local was 3000 or not that is the main case and 0 in genx we are talking to you to see to what with that UI okay something is already learning on port 3000 we need to kill that that means we need to do this is good let's do ls of it's status now if we are able to push any change then that will be reflected on our easy to instant add port 3000 but somehow we need to expose this port 3000 to the world right now what we can do is either we can set up and and genx and do it that way or we can do a quick and dot if it's that way we need we can directly enable port 3000 so that was what i was asking to google so how can i enable port 3000 in my EC to server is my question right i'll go here pretty this over sorry so we have robo status in active that's good you know one two download ngrock ngrock in open to open to inside of open to so this like a really hacky stop that i'm doing we should not do it usually but who cares ept install i'll guys able to understand what i'm doing what i'm doing right now is instead of doing very hard very hard you know ng next setup i'm just using something called as ngrock so ngrock will essentially like ngrock svtp port 3000 for the indication failed with all the rod to go now i'll get up and look score local is 3000 what it that's good let's do a final thing let's change the readme to be ept bot de right get at githa.kit.com.it iphone m ending the class now we push origin win and and and and whatever we do this i can do ngrock stv port 3000 whenever i go on this link there will be nothing right now graphical accessibility but connection establish upstream this encountered was this okay my upstream cannot be see if if we go to the code if we who wise my network like notar is slow today ending the class and if i go here and if i like again reload the page ngrock svtp okay this is not here i'll do ng yep happy birthday harkirat it's deployed to the internet and that should be open running for like sometime ugos this was like a hard class honestly what we can do is we can spam it on twitter tag harkirat and yeah that should be it now i can like go through the chat and i can go through q&a and explain how did i get like all of these things done and deployed to the end of the class if you want that like we can go through that now i can stop sharing my screen and you guys can see my face and my laptop battery is also dying so i'll enable chat for everyone and uh feel free to ask your questions ask your things now we can talk about it so if i'm doing cicd in a pr and this thing happens how can it is did locally or make sure that ci will run properly so whatever the whatever whatever the command that will be running right like for example whatever the command that will run like for example npm run linked npm run build or something that we can test it locally right so using that we can do it but we cannot do exactly like how uh you know let's say gita vaccines will do it do it what pran did you use cursor for the core generation i just asked to build like a beautiful website for kira i need that this thing is not was fast though yeah i want to job in six one if you want to job in six one then like you can't do anything right you need to build two three good projects good projects or something like for example if use for that project to me that project should be interesting enough that i asked how did you how were you able to create something like that right i'm not a recruiter but recruiter suit some do something like that